Music
No-no-no-no-no-n-knowledge fight
Daaaagh
Uh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh-huh
Dan and Jordan, I am sweating
Eh-eh-eh-eh-eh
knowledgefight.com
It's time to pray
I have great respect for knowledge fight
Knowledge fight
I'm sick of them posing as if they're the good guys
saying we are the bad guys
Knowledge Fight.
Dan and Jorg.
Riddle word, riddle word, riddle word.
Ah, need, ah, need money.
Andy and Kansas.
Stop it.
Andy and Can, Andy and Kansas.
Andy and, Andy.
It's time to pray.
Andy and Kansas, you're on the air.
Thanks for holding.
Hello, Alex.
I'm a first-time caller.
I'm a huge fan.
I love your work.
Knowledge Fight.
Knowledge Fight dot com.
I love you.
Hey, everybody.
Welcome back to Knowledge Fight.
I'm Dan.
I'm Jordan.
We're a couple dudes.
Like to sit around, drink novelty beverages,
and talk a little bit about Alex Jones.
Oh, indeed we are, Dan.
Jordan.
Dan.
I have a quick question.
Sure, what up?
What's your bright spot today?
My bright spot today, Jordan, is that we're back to Alex Jones.
He came back.
He came back from the grocery store?
He came back from the grocery store.
That's a little surprising.
Yeah, it is, and that's why it's a bright spot.
I actually feel like I'm doing the thing that I set out to do
instead of looking at Owen Schroyer filling in,
and just being like, where is he?
What is going on?
And his stories of his time away, not to be believed.
I'm very excited.
Oh, OK.
A lot of globalists and a lot of hot tubs.
Maybe the reverse of that.
OK.
Anti-globalist outside of hot tubs.
OK, that's a new genre of story.
Yeah, but it feels good.
It feels good for Alex to be back in studio
and be full of shit, and I enjoy that.
It's a sad bright spot.
It is.
Part of me hoped that Alex would give up the whole radio thing
and just become kind of a troll that lives in the grocery store
in the Mexican food section, just popping out and being like,
are you sure you want this?
You want the big enchilada.
Yeah, exactly.
Like, OK, all right.
We're going to get to the big enchilada here in a second
after this next break.
Apparently, this grocery store is racist at me.
I feel like Alex would fit in in the deli.
I don't know, I actually don't even know.
Here's the thing.
Interesting thing about that grocery store
is that it's also like a big restaurant.
Naturally, yes.
So it's like this large market slash Alex could...
It's like a bazaar, if you will.
Alex could, like, clean up, maybe.
I don't know.
Sure.
I wouldn't hire him.
He seems like a bad employee.
I do feel like eventually we're going to see
a remake of The Wrestler, but it's just Alex.
A lot of that movie will be about insubordination
on the part of Alex as an employee.
I don't think he would take direction well.
It's a pound and a half of meat.
Take it.
So what's your bright spot?
My bright spot, Dan, is H. John Benjamin.
He's great.
I was watching some Bob's Burgers, as you do,
because it's a fantastic show.
You're trying to catch up on the Jay Johnson news?
Of course.
I want to see where...
Do you think there's any clues as to whether or not
it was him at the Capitol?
Yeah, I want to see if Jimmy Pesto is OK.
But then I started thinking about it.
I really... I have been listening to H. John Benjamin
since I was like 10.
Yeah, Dr. Katz.
Dr. Katz?
Yeah, from the jump I was watching Dr. Katz
as like a little kid.
Yeah.
And now I'm a full grown man and H. John Benjamin
is still in my life.
Yeah, that is interesting to think about.
I don't know if I have gone a year.
Archer? Other shows?
Yeah, probably not.
He's even had his own shows on Comedy Central
that were incredibly short lived.
Sure.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think he's been everywhere for 20 years at least.
And so I wanted to celebrate that I've always enjoyed
H. John Benjamin in my life.
I've never had a moment where I was like,
oh, too much.
Yeah.
Now that's an achievement.
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah.
Some of his stand up stuff was really funny too,
like from that Invite Them Up CD.
Totally.
That Forgetta Buddies.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He's really funny in like a genuine,
he's not just a voice either.
No, he's incredible.
One of our generation's great comedic talents
and so jealous of his career in terms of how famous he is.
Because he could probably go to that store,
that grocery store where Alex is at.
No one has any idea.
Yeah, exactly.
He's perfect famous.
As long as he does a slightly different voice.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
He could slide by without people bothering him probably.
It is nice that, and also it's not
like he's a guy who got famous for doing
so many different voices.
It's his voice.
It's mostly the same voice.
And a little bit different.
And it's perfect every day.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So anyway, Jordan, let's get down to business
on today's episode.
Let's do it.
Today what we're going to be doing
is talking about March 15th and 16th, 2021.
Blackjack!
That was a tie.
Oh, that was a tie.
That was pretty close.
That was probably a tie.
I was really, I was looking at your lips,
like waiting for it to begin.
Yeah, yeah.
It might've been as close as we've come to.
That was, hey, dealer got blackjacked.
Yeah, that's true.
That's a push.
You still won though.
Did you get insurance?
I did not.
Nope.
All right.
Well, all right.
So it's interesting.
I was thinking about this, and this
is kind of an indication of how like my brain went
into some flights of fancy.
Like, hey, you know, like the 14th, that's Pi Day 3.14.
Sure.
Right?
15th is the Ides of March.
True.
16th is 3.16, Austin 3.16.
Naturally, this is a big three stretch.
It's amazing.
It's huge.
I don't know if there are, like, obviously there's like
Christmas Eve, Christmas Boxing Day kind of thing.
Those are kind of related.
When's St. Patrick's Day this year?
I think St. Patrick's Day weekend was this last weekend.
We already have it?
Oh.
I know that they turned the river green.
Did they?
Yeah.
Pandemic really changes Chicago and St. Patrick's Day.
Yeah, you don't get to see people throwing up on walls.
It's not terrible.
It's not all bad.
I don't miss when I used to live over by Clark Street,
over by Wrigleyville.
That was a menace.
No, no.
Oh, God.
A friend talked me into going to that Sluggers,
that bar that has a batting cage on the second floor.
Oh, no.
On St. Patrick's Day weekend.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Oh, no.
Just the humanity that you witnessed.
I'm so proud that you're still here.
Yeah.
It was touch and go for a little bit.
But anyway, three stretch days of holidays
that aren't really holidays aside.
Well, for us, then.
We're back to Alex Jones, and that's exciting.
So we'll get down to business on that.
But before we do, Jordan, let's take a moment
to say thank you to some folks who are wonks.
Oh, that's a great idea.
Here's what we got today.
What do we got?
We got a couple of wonks.
OK.
Couple of technocrats.
All right.
Got some birthdays.
Anybody get married?
No, no marriages that I remember.
But then we have to have a symposium
about the whole birthday thing.
OK.
I want to pitch a new plan.
And so we'll get to that here in a moment.
First, Eric the HR jerk.
Thank you so much.
You are now a policy wonk.
I'm a policy wonk.
Thanks, Eric.
Thank you.
Next, 21 Blackjack.
All right.
Well, that's hardly fair.
I'm a policy wonk.
Thank you very much.
The 21.
Blackjack.
There you go.
I'll let you have that.
Thank you.
And shout out to a couple of technocrats.
There are hot raptors seeking chocolate in your area.
Thank you so much.
You are now a technocrat.
And Ian Kay, aka Carn Dog.
Thank you so much.
You are now a technocrat.
I'm a policy wonk.
Crikey, mate.
That's fantastic.
Have yourself a brew.
How's your 401k doing, bro?
All right.
We got to go full tilt boogie on this, Watson, all right?
Let's just get down to business.
We ain't making that money off that heroin.
Why are you pimps so good?
My neck is freakishly large.
I declare info war on you.
Thank you so much.
There are hot raptors seeking chocolate in your area.
And Carn Dog.
Yes.
Thank you very much to the both of you.
So Jordan, here's the thing.
I'm a little bit sometimes behind on some messages.
A little bit.
Every now and again, I lose track of some of the inbox.
And so I sometimes don't see some of these birthday shout
outs, and I feel bad.
As is the case with a couple of these shout outs today.
These are bladed birthday shout outs.
Yeah, of course.
This is like when your grandma would send a check,
and it would be like for $5, and it would come three weeks
late.
Right, right, right, right.
Yeah, this is from March 22, 2020.
It's not that far.
So what I want to do, I want to institute a new thing,
because this is getting to be too much.
And I love making people's birthdays special.
I love being able to do that.
Yeah.
We got to do this once a month.
We got to do birthday roundup for the months.
So from now on, by the end of the month,
if you want to send me a birthday shout out
that you want us to do for the next month, we'll do it.
I'll probably lose track of some.
I was going to say this.
This isn't going to work.
This is going to be such a...
I do like any solution that doesn't have anything
to do with the problem, which is that we're
terrible with correspondence.
Terrible with correspondence, and I'm
only good at keeping certain things in order in my head.
It's unfortunate that we live in a world
where we read every email and respond in our head
and then forget to actually do it.
That is a big problem.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then the second problem that I have
is I think I'm just a little bit too old.
If I was born maybe a couple of years earlier,
I would have really integrated a lot of the technologies
in terms of organization and like, I don't know.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
What is like QuickBooks for a to-do list?
Yeah, but it goes a little too far sometimes.
My partner, she'll respond to emails from students
at like 10 p.m. because it shows up on her phone.
And it's like, well, that's not a good work-life balance.
I think that might be better, though,
in terms of keeping things moving smoothly.
There's that.
But Mitch W., you had a birthday earlier this month.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday, Mitch.
Hope you had a great one.
Also, Adrian, Trey wants to send a little happy birthday
message out to you earlier this month.
Sorry we missed it.
Yeah.
And Dylan.
What's up, Dylan?
Hey, Dylan.
Carrie got in touch with us, wants
to wish you a happy birthday.
March babies.
Yeah, we got it.
All right.
OK.
So Jordan, we had an interesting episode
to go over, a whole lot of bullshit.
And in lieu of an out-of-context drop,
I wanted to do something a little bit special.
And so Mika, or maybe Micah, I'm not entirely sure, M-I-K-A,
got in touch.
And their partner had, it's the anniversary
of working from home.
Oh, no.
And apparently, they may have some hydration problems.
OK.
So Jason Bowman, go drink some water.
The UN says you don't need vitamin C, oxygen, or water.
Now, when you fly in an airplane,
do not drink the water.
No.
Is Putin putting sugar water in people?
Absolutely, to end the hysteria.
I have water samples still that I
have kept for several months in my refrigerator.
And it's amazing what happens over the long term.
You should shoot a YouTube video of that and show it.
But that's really unscientific.
And I'm not poo-pooing the fact that you're doing that.
That's a good way to start out observing things.
But I appreciate your call.
Go drink some water.
Go drink some goddamn water.
All right.
Now, down to business.
OK.
We'll start here on the 15th.
And I would say that Alex, he's been gone for a week.
And I was interested to see how he was going to return.
And he came in.
And the way I would describe him is dramatic and a little low
register.
He comes back from his weird vacations, usually.
Well, he's got a day where he's a little bit down.
He's a little sleepy.
Yeah.
Ladies and gentlemen, we could not
be doing more important work right now.
I'm very honored to be your host.
Very honored to be here with you on this live March 15th,
Monday, global transmission, the Ides of March.
I am going to air a special report here.
And then when I return, we're going to get into the earth
shaking developments that are unfolding here today.
Weird vibe.
I'm going to start the show and then leave.
I'm going to play a report.
I'm going to get out of here.
It's a weird vibe, but it's also not that weird from listening
to his show a lot.
It's fairly like do regular for Alex, but it is weird.
It's a strange vibe.
And I was like, there's something going on.
And then I realized what it was later.
Alex reveals.
So the mystery will be solved.
Why is Alex so weird?
That's good.
But he breaks down some of the big headlines like boxing
great Marvin Hagler.
Oh, rest in peace.
Yeah.
You don't just have marvelous Marvin Hagler dying a day after
he took the vaccine.
You don't just have Hank Aaron dying after he got the second
vaccine. You have the media lying and battling to keep that
information coming out from the families because they can
cover up average people dying.
It's hard to cover up sports icons.
So the idea that boxing great Marvin Hagler died after getting
a COVID-19 vaccine didn't come from any solid reporting that
Alex is working off of.
He's taking that information from a random Facebook post by
another boxer.
Hagler's wife, Kay, has come out and been clear that this is
not the case and that he passed away from natural causes.
I can't determine whether or not Hagler had been vaccinated.
And if he had, I have no idea when he would have gotten the
vaccine.
My point here is that I really want to demonstrate the flimsy
level of information Alex works with.
He has absolutely zero evidence past that Facebook post that
Hagler's death is related to a vaccination, and that's
sufficient for him to report it definitively.
No one interested in getting the story right could possibly
use that as a workflow.
Also, there's been no evidence found that suggests that Hank
Aaron's death was related to getting vaccinated two weeks
prior.
He was 86 years old.
So who knows what the case is there?
Yeah, it's also shit.
Also, Alex should keep those two names specifically out the
fuck of his mouth.
You'd be nice.
Those Marvelous Marvin dealt with so much goddamn racism
from guys exactly like fucking Alex.
Hank Aaron dealt with so much fucking racism from guys like
fucking Alex.
Keep their names out of your mouth.
You'd be nice.
So as we know, Alex was hanging out in a grocery store for
a little bit.
Sure.
But early on in the show, he gives us a little bit of an
indication of what he might have actually been up to.
He might have been doing something a little bit
nefarious.
I'm very honored to be back in studio with all of you.
I had an amazingly powerful trip in Florida that I'm not at
liberty to get into any of on, basically.
But I will give you just some of the basics of how exciting
things are, the major resistance forming, and also a sense
of what this broadcast has done and what this broadcast has
been able to do.
I was like, are you trying to imply that you raised an army
in Florida?
Yeah, he did some clandestine operations down in Florida.
Yeah.
What are we talking about here?
I'm not entirely sure, but he doesn't elaborate more until
later. But I was listening to it.
I was like, what the fuck are you talking about?
I talked to Roger Stone for five minutes and he winked at
me. So I know that we're going to destroy the government.
Roger and I were smoking cigars and getting wasted.
And I went to that weird podcast, drank three quarters of
a bottle of Jameson.
You know, it's a good weekend.
Yeah. So then he goes to a special report.
So that's why he doesn't elaborate more.
And man, this is important stuff, man.
Like, I understand Alex has been gone for a week.
He comes in, he's like, we got these special reports we
got to get to.
And I'm like, thank God you did, because hard hitting journalism.
It would have been inspiring to witness the real musicians
who won plenty of awards perform and speak to the public
that supported them.
Stay tuned, because when we come back, Lil Baby gives a
performance you do not want to miss.
But at this point, that is probably too much to ask the
narcissistic hacks who have hijacked the soul of American
music. The real award show would have gotten massive
ratings.
If Grammy winning legends, Bobby Rush, Toots and the
My Tals, John Pine, Chick Corea, and many others had been
given a moment to receive their awards.
Some of them posthumously.
Instead, American music night looked more like a funeral
in a brothel.
Man, John Brown is mad at the Grammys.
Who could have predicted it?
I just don't care.
Yeah, this is one of the more predictable takes.
Info Wars employee mad at Grammys.
Yeah, I was going to say, oh my God.
Oh, no, conservative men are unhappy with women and people
doing interesting things.
Oh, what a strange existence we lead.
But I was also listening to this, and there was a really,
like, there was a part in his report that made me, like,
really, I think he's trolling.
Yeah, I don't think John Brown's serious.
I think he's fucking with people trying to get a rise out
of them so then he can talk about how everyone's mad at
his stupid report.
And here was that point all overseen by the self proclaimed
King and Queen of Crowley and Magic, Beyonce and Jay-Z.
Why has it come to this?
You may ask because the potential of infinite freedom real
American music represents must never be allowed out of its
box, which is buried beneath the Grammy stage.
Opening that box would spread truth far and wide to a populace
that is craving it.
John Bound reporting.
Info Wars.
Tomorrow's news today.
I think he's fucking around.
Like, I don't think he's being serious.
Yeah.
But then what is being serious?
Right.
Like, how much of it is just goofing off and being a dumbass?
Yeah.
And how much, like, do you actually think that Beyonce
does Crowley and Magic?
Of course.
Because I know that Alex would probably say that on his show
of Crowley and Magic, Dan.
That's in line with the Info Wars editorial position.
They're witches and warlocks.
I do appreciate.
Here's how much Beyonce is the Queen.
Even her enemies have to describe her as a Queen in some
fashion. There's no mistaking that she is a powerhouse.
Okay.
So you might as well recontextualize it to her being a
powerhouse at Magic.
Crowley and Witch Lady.
They know Crowley didn't actually do magic, right?
I think that he's just, you know, just trying to piss people
off or just trying to be a dick about stuff that maybe
people will pay attention to.
Sure.
So then, oh, isn't this fun?
Where I can give this a clickbait headline.
Maybe we'll get a thousand more views on it.
Yeah, exactly.
It's very sad.
Can't say wet ass pussy, but I can absolutely say that
Beyonce is a master of Crowley and Magic.
So we get back to Alex after Jon Bowne's very dumb report.
And he wants to talk more about Hagler.
Oh, you're not going to see the big corporate produced
establishment program talking about why are all of these
old people and young people and black people and white
people and others dying from the mRNA vaccines?
Oh, no, you're not going to hear about all of these baseball
players and famous boxers, heavyweight champion of the world.
Marvelous Marvin Hagler dying a day after he took the shot.
His family said that's what killed him.
Totally healthy.
Took it dead 24 hours later.
His liver dissolved.
So Alex is reporting that Hagler's family has said that
the death was related to the vaccine.
And I would like to officially challenge him to back that
claim up.
The only statement I can find from his family is from his
wife, who said, quote, for sure wasn't the vaccine that
caused his death.
My baby left in peace with his usual smile, and now is not
the time to talk nonsense.
Alex needs to back up his claim or else he needs to retract
this slanderous bit of business and apologize to the Hagler
family. Their pain is not a prop for him to use to push
anti-vax narratives.
This is just horseshit.
No, and, you know, he was a fighter.
He took a lot of hits.
And Marvelous Marvin was somewhat known for being willing
to take a hit and just keep coming and beat the shit out
of you.
He was so good.
Yeah.
So I was, like I said, in a strange state where I was like,
Alex has got a weird fucking energy at the beginning of
this. What's going on?
He's going immediately to reports after being gone for a
week. Like, shouldn't he be hungry?
And then I realized what was going on.
We're going to go to break.
I'm going to come back with all the news, but I wanted to
get to that first.
And this is a live broadcast.
Quite frankly, the start of the show, I was having earpiece
problems, so we had to air some of those reports.
Those are great reports need air anyways.
Maybe I should just air our reports here.
Maybe I should just hang it up and hang the hat up for a
while. Do it.
Go back to the store.
I'm not going back in the face of all this.
I just realized, though, that if Americans themselves don't
stand up and don't say no and don't resist this, we don't
have a future.
We don't have any hope.
I should quit because my earpiece is fucking up.
Quite frankly, none of you are fighting hard enough.
Yep.
My earpiece doesn't work, so that puts me in a bad mood.
So I assume none of you are doing anything right.
And it's all your fault.
I would never quit because I'm a whiny baby.
No, it is absolutely because of you people.
A whiny baby who pays John bound to complain about the
Grammys.
Exactly.
Yes.
The most relevant thing to music.
Damn.
Yeah.
What a dork.
Anyway, Alex gets back to his Florida trip, and here is
where I started to get a sense of what might have been
going on.
And I went to Florida and met with the who's who's that
are there.
And basically, the who's who's are there.
They're all there.
And I wouldn't even call most of these secret meetings,
but there's no reason to name names and get into all of
it. But it was very, very exciting.
And I was given the same message by everyone that I spoke
with that are very, very prominent names in the fight
against the New World Order.
I'll just leave it at that.
The top names, period, are all in Florida.
And they just said, Jones, you launched the whole revolution.
We need you.
We are counting on you.
We're counting on your listeners.
And basically, that we are the engine that is driving
most of the rebellion you see here today.
So Alex has been bestowed the title of the leader of the
rebellion.
Yeah.
I think he's really heavily trying to imply that he went
and talked to Trump.
Yes.
Yeah, of course.
Really heavily.
Of course.
But I think we would know it would have been reported on.
Not only that, Alex would have shot a video there.
Yeah.
He would be yelling about how I met with Trump.
But even then, even if it was like Trump wanted to, you know,
Trump and his team were like, we're not actually going to
let you do that because, you know, you know.
Yeah.
You know, they don't even have to say.
They're just, you know.
Yeah.
You know, but even then, it would have been reported, like,
Alex Jones seen walking into Mar-a-Lago, you know, it would
have been, we would have known.
Stephen Miller spotted at grocery store.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Axis of Evil revived at grocery store.
Yeah, I don't know what to believe about this.
I mean, I think that the world is so fucked up that I could
believe that maybe he did talk to Trump.
Totally.
And I could also believe that he wants people to think that,
and he just hung out with Roger and at a grocery store, and
now is pretending that Trump anointed him leader.
Yeah.
And I can also believe him telling Roger Stone to tell Trump
something is him being like, see, I totally talked to Trump.
Yep.
Yeah.
We have seen many instances of that over the course of this
show.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, but the bigwigs in the anti-globalist fight that Alex
is engaged in.
Sure.
And he's the leader of them.
Sure, sure.
Pop names.
They want to know, like, how do you know what you know, man?
You're so smart.
Dreams.
The most prominent names in the country fighting the
globalist all ask me the same question.
How did you know all that?
And I said, well, I went off globalist documents, but yeah,
there's a lot of documents.
And I said, no, but I know the key groups and their key
plan, and I've seen what they've built so far.
And I see the predictive programming in the news.
So I know what they're going to do.
And they said, well, you certainly do know that I met with
the former head of two US intelligence agencies.
I'll leave it at that.
I met with a lot of other very prominent people, but it was
a form of satisfaction.
I'm not experienced.
I wasn't a triumph.
It wasn't a powerful.
It wasn't good for my ego.
It was like a £1000 weight was taken off my shoulders.
There's still a lot of weight on my shoulders, but I've had
this mission and I've known it was my job, but this time
we're now in to do what we've done.
And I told you that for 20 plus years, I said, this is all
going to come.
It's my mission to get it out upfront so that others can
then carry the ball.
And I just literally have like a vision, but it was beyond
a vision, not like where I saw a hallucination and an angel
appeared or God appeared.
It was more of like a download.
Like you will do this.
This will then happen.
This will then unfold.
And then this next operation will unfold.
And then now I know that I am inspired with my discernment
and my own research to know what to look at, to know what
to understand, and that my understanding of human nature
and how to fight the globalist was dead on.
But that was all given to me by God.
Smartest thing Rush Limbaugh said was talent on loan from
God. And so I just am very humbled to be here, very humble,
very thankful to be with all of you.
I come in here and research all this information and get
very frustrated on air because it's very hard to have time
to get to all of it properly.
I want to tell you this.
We are 40 minutes into the show now.
I kind of thought and Alex hasn't covered anything.
I have written down the moment he said we do important work
here. I was like, okay, let's just tally up some important
work. Yeah.
What do we got?
We've got Marvelous Marvin and Hank Aaron.
We've got his mysterious trip times two.
Right.
We've got the Grammys and we've got my earpiece doesn't
work. Yep.
Important.
That's a lot of it.
Yeah, there were two John bound special reports because
he needed to fix his earpiece.
That was what was going on.
And then he rambled a bunch about how he was anointed the
King of the Patriots when he was hanging out in Florida.
So it's fucking brazen for Alex to complain at this point
that he doesn't have time to get to the real meat and cover
it properly.
He has all the time in the world.
He just knows full well that if he ever tried to go anywhere
deeper than surface level on any of these stories he covers,
it would become clear immediately that he has no idea
what he's talking about and his arguments make no sense.
And his audience will put up with him just rambling about
God giving him a download or whatever about what his career
is going to be when everything is a direct contradiction.
It's not like 20 years ago God told him one day you will
be a foot soldier in Donald Trump's war against regulation
or whatever the fuck.
Definitely not.
Yeah, months before he supported him, Alex was talking
about how Trump was in the mob.
God, I'm so disgusted.
Wouldn't God have warned him not to do that because it's
embarrassing for that to be on tape?
God works in mysterious ways and sometimes that includes
making you tell everybody that your God King is actually
a mobbed up liar.
If Alex had some kind of a download of what he was going
to do and some kind of an idea of his future, then he couldn't
have possibly known anything past supporting Trump because
this whole time has been so a vast departure from God.
God didn't tell him that part.
Sure.
Also, I'm struggling to believe that you want to follow
top names in anti-globalism who are willing to take you
at face value when they say, how do you know everything
you know?
Ah, well, I had a vision 20 years ago.
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
You tell that to them.
You don't tell that to us.
Sorry, buddy.
Yeah.
We're top anti-globalist.
I don't imagine that conversation with anything like that
if it's even a real conversation.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
That's the kind of stuff that happens at like, I don't know,
Aleister Crowley circles.
I will tell you that the King of Crowley and Magic does
also get visions.
Yeah, yeah.
That's the place for that conversation.
Not this dumb, dumb shit.
Anyway, Alex has, like you said, in that last clip, he
felt like a big weight was lifted from him.
That's because he's kind of completed his mission.
I don't feel like my mission's over, but I do feel like
I've completed what I was sent here to do.
And you've been sent to this planet as well for what
you're here doing.
That's why God created you, why God put you in this body
and why you're on this planet right now.
But so I've completed the main mission, and I've got more
missions, but God literally had his hand on these people
to tell me all the same message, the same message.
Take care of yourself.
You've done a great job.
You helped launch this whole thing.
You're the leader.
Leave us alone.
Put down the drink.
Go away.
We apologize.
We didn't think you were right about all this.
You've been dead on about everything else.
Sir, you're making a scene.
And it was a huge weight loss.
Don't threaten to push that lady off the stage.
Not that now people are asking me what to do at that level
specifically, but that I've completed the mission so far
now that they've got the template now and don't even need
me. And like the space shuttle going into orbit, the main
boosters just fall off.
And imagine being those boosters driving shaking and finally
you see what I'm saying?
It's like now the big heavy payloads going into orbit.
Absolutely not.
I'm on the ship.
You're on the ship too, folks.
But we were the boosters, folks.
And as bad as things are, we're now in the main fight.
This was all prepositioning for what's coming and God's
people versus Satan's people.
And this was setting up the chess pieces.
Well, now, ladies and gentlemen, it is game on.
This is very stupid.
Yeah.
I mean, like, honestly, as somebody who listens to a ton
of Alex, I mean, like one of our episodes that people like
a lot was the episode The Drunk Hotel Interview with Patrick
Bet David.
That's because life is very fragile.
We learned in that interview.
And we also learned that Alex was he completed his mission
and he felt really great.
Yep.
These are just things that are like it's a refrain that comes
back from time to time whenever Alex feels a certain way.
And I would guess that he talked to somebody, maybe not
Trump, but it's somebody who gave him a real sense of affirmation.
Yeah.
Somebody validated him in a way that he doesn't feel generally
validated by.
And I would almost say maybe it was a fine answer.
Maybe he got some money.
Maybe he was down in Florida trying to get some money to
stay afloat.
That could be.
And someone agreed to throw a couple bucks at Info Wars.
Is Steve Lindell in Florida right now?
Mike Lindell.
Whatever.
You might not have any money in a little bit.
Well, that's why you should give it to Info Wars now.
Could be the guy who runs that fucking grocery store.
I don't know.
It's very weird.
All I hear is like whenever Alex talks about these, like this
idea of like the weight is lifted from him.
It's just like someone patted you on the head and you feel
really good about it.
I'm glad you had a great trip, but you still I made everything
that it still sucks.
Yeah.
And that's why he's down right now is because he's coming off
the high of being like, I'm so great.
And now he's in a bad mood.
So he's telling you how great he is.
Because of the earpiece.
Yeah.
And that's your fault.
Well, that's fair.
Yeah.
So Alex finally stops talking about his own dumb ass and
starts talking about some issues.
He gets into a little bit of stuff about climate change.
And I found this fascinating.
This framing of two different ideas.
Okay.
And I'm sure you've all heard me of a regular listener
probably 5000 times say when they collapse the third world
with the lockdowns and the giant third world masses flood
us, they're going to say that that was because of climate
change, even though the lockdowns, what did it sure as
hell, Nancy Pelosi came out and said it.
And I said, they're also going to say that the new viruses
are rising because of climate change.
And that's why they're developing because there's too many
people.
So see, they always criticize Pat Robertson when there's our
bad hurricane.
And this is God judging us.
Well, maybe he's wrong.
Maybe he's right.
But they're saying, oh, humans are bad.
That's why there's a snowstorm or a dust storm or climate
change caused a volcano.
You've heard that.
That's pure bull.
So a couple of quick clarifications long before COVID was
known to anyone.
There were many people discussing the dynamic that when
climates change, it makes some regions uninhabitable, or
at least it can, whether by the risk of rising sea levels,
diminishing water supply or some other variable shifting.
This leads inevitably to some degree of displacement of
people, the extent of which is left to be seen.
Second, when people discuss climate change causing new
diseases, they're talking about how changing climate displaces
animals as well.
And as that happens, animals who previously would not have
been in contact with humans end up contacting humans.
And in those cases, there's a possibility for transmission
of novel diseases.
There's also the matter of rising sea temperatures, making
water more hospitable for things like flesh eating bacteria.
But all of it is a discussion surrounding cause and effect
relationships.
Not every new interaction between an animal and a human is
going to result in a new disease.
But the more that it does happen, the more possibilities
there are for new diseases popping up.
This is something that I guess Alex is conflating with Pat
Robertson saying that natural disasters are God's punishment
for the US accepting LGBTQ folk as humans with rights.
In 2015, Pat Robertson said that a drop in the Dow Jones
industrial average was God punishing the Obama administration
for supporting access to reproductive health care.
Oh, yeah, but that one actually was true.
Robertson does this shit all the time.
It's just one of his things.
There's an important difference between these two things that
Alex is embarrassingly not understanding, and that is that
one is moralistic and the other is descriptive.
The conversation about climate change can be something that
you can discuss with moral implications, but it can also be
a conversation that you have strictly as a matter of X will
cause Y, and it still makes sense.
Robertson's claims are things that only work as a moral
argument, a dumb and flimsy one, but they can't possibly be
taken seriously in any other context.
There's no way to coherently explain how Planned Parenthood
existing causes hurricanes, except if you embrace the
worldview that we're living at the whim of a vengeful God
who's decided that reproductive health care is immoral and
the punishment for immorality is a hurricane.
That's the only way that Robertson's shit even makes sense
from a grammar standpoint.
But the same is not true for the conversations that people
have about the side effects of climate change.
It's really amazing to see this kind of equivalence being
made and realize that there's actually no, it's probably how
Alex's brain works.
These two things probably do feel about the same to him.
He just thinks that Robertson's claims are closer to reality.
Like it's staggering.
Yeah, it's weird to exist.
And we've talked about this before, but we exist in multiple
different time periods simultaneously.
Like it's weird to understand the main factors of climate
change and how they swirl around in a global sense, which
is incredible in such a short period of time to like,
relatively speaking, we've gone from believing that witches
cause all of our problems to understanding what those
problems come from on a scientific and real level.
And at the same time, people still believe that witches cause
our problems.
This is an issue.
Crowley and witches.
Yes, exactly.
Like, what are we doing?
How can you do that?
Yeah, it's interesting to me.
And the sort of hinge point of it is Alex seems to think
that the conversations about these potential new diseases
that we will come in contact with as animals get displaced
as climates change is something that is intrinsically about
humans being bad.
And that's not at all a meaningful conversation that I've
heard anyone having, except Alex.
Yeah.
It's a straw man in order for him to make this somehow
an equivalent of Pat Robertson saying gay people cause hurricanes.
Great.
Whatever.
It's so dumb.
Yeah.
It's real difficult to swing with that bullshit.
Oh, man.
So this next clip we got is I think it's a good indication
and example of how a lot of the stuff that Alex does is
kind of a trap.
Oh, by the way, Fentanyl in the last two months, just since
Biden got in, the DEA says he's up 360 plus percent.
I think it's 362%.
I saw the article this weekend.
360 plus percent.
It's killing hundreds of thousands of people, a lot of them
black, but oh, you're not going to see the Emmys or the Grammys
or any of these shows pushing this.
Yeah, there it is.
Biden's border advisor.
That's because they're the Emmys.
Trump's policies prevent illegal immigration.
Fentanyl importation in the US explodes.
So Infowars quotes Acting Customs and Border Protection
Commissioner Troy Miller as saying the following during
a media call on March 10th.
Quote, we're seeing a dramatic increase in fentanyl seizures
this fiscal year, more than 360% higher than this time last
year. Now here's a fun game, and this is why disinformation
is almost impossible to get rid of ever.
Alex can use that to argue that there's so much more fentanyl
coming into the country than when Trump was president,
because Biden has signaled to the cartels that it's open
season. Of course, this doesn't really explain why the police
are seizing all of it, but who cares?
Now, imagine that Miller, the Acting Customs and Border
Protection Commissioner, what if he had reported that
seizures were way down from last year?
Would you imagine Alex's narrative would be at that point?
Um, I believe it would be that they are hiding the number
of seizures that are occurring.
Or they're just letting it all through.
Yeah, totally.
You know, the message has gone out.
Just let them on through with the fentanyl.
Yeah.
It's a trap.
It doesn't matter.
And also, I don't care what anyone from Customs and Border
Protection has to say.
Fine.
That's fair.
You can't trust a single word from them.
It's fair.
That's a side issue.
In this case, at least it's somewhat reliant on stats.
Sure.
So the actual facts or information that come out don't
matter in cases like this.
The argument is that Trump's approach to the border was
good and Biden's is bad.
So no matter what details get provided, they get filtered
through that lens and the predetermined argument is made.
That's all that's going on.
As for Biden's advisor admitting that Trump's policies work,
Alex is just reading an InfoWars headline that fails to
capture the real story.
This was about the southern border coordinator Roberta
Jacobson discussing how there may be a relationship between
the ending of Trump's inhumane policies and a spike in people
heading towards the border.
There was a hope for a more humane policy after four years
of pent-up demand, so I don't know if I would call that a
coincidence, but the idea that a more humane policy would
be in place may have driven people to make that decision.
But perhaps more importantly, it definitely drove smugglers
to express disinformation, spread disinformation about
what was now possible.
This is not what Alex is reporting because it's just a little
bit deeper than the surface appearance level and he can't
really handle that kind of material.
So it's entirely possible that people were like, oh, the
president doesn't actively want to murder us, so maybe now
would be a better time than it was a couple months ago.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And there are people who are taking advantage of that.
Naturally.
Perhaps selling people a bill of goods about getting them
over the border.
Right, right, right, right.
And, you know, the interview that Jacobson did was talking
about trying to balance messaging responsibly with policy.
Right.
Yeah, it's just a little bit more complicated than Alex
wants it to be.
Naturally.
So Alex is, you know, he's this guy who's like above the
fray.
Sure.
The left-right paradigm.
That doesn't sound true when you have a God King, but...
And as the enemy ups their game, we up our game.
And as long as we don't give up, they're going to run out
of time.
They're going to fall apart.
And no matter how much propaganda or election fraud
they've got, everybody's going to know you run from Democrats.
You run from communists.
You run from socialists.
You run from leftists.
You run from liberals because they're monsters.
They're part of a criminal syndicate.
And most of the people that serve the left are idiots being
used and destroyed themselves.
So that's all coming up.
I mean, look at these headlines.
Returning from a grocery store.
The Pentagon openly calls for a tax on citizens that criticize
the Pentagon.
That's totally illegal.
Man, I could have sworn he was above the left-right divide.
It does sound right.
That was just a way that the man got people to fight with
each other.
Does sound right.
Weird how none of the groups that Alex is talking about you
need to run from because they're monsters are right-wing
at all.
That is strange.
Weird.
Yeah.
This is really important to understand.
Alex's branding in his earlier career really relied on him
pretending to not be extremely right-wing.
He was making arguments that were straight out of the John
Birch Society and putting forward ideas that were far to
the right of the GOP in the 90s.
So in order to mask that and expand his potential audience
beyond the weirdo militia people, he had to lie.
The essential lie of his career is that he's above the party
system and that he's opposed to Democrats and Republicans
equally.
He's not and he's never been.
He likes extremists and only the Republican sort.
When liberal-leaning people got tricked into thinking that
he was just an iconoclast, truth-telling kind of guy,
what they were actually being tricked into is supporting
his right-wing extremist ideology, though they thought
that they were being sold as just an alliance against the
man.
Yeah.
This was done because on its face, Alex's shit is weak and
dumb and people would see right through it and reject it
if it was delivered in any way other than in a Trojan horse.
As for that thing about the Pentagon at the end there,
Alex is just covering something Tucker Carlson is whining
about.
On his show last week on Tuesday, Tucker went on a little
jag about how the military is too feminine and, you know,
considering the needs of soldiers who may not be male is
quote, a mockery of the US military.
How is that guy still legal?
I don't know.
Right?
Like that's whatever that guy is.
As a society, we should just be like, just that guy.
You know, like let's not even worry about free speech
implications or anything.
Let's just be like, no, no, those guys.
Yeah.
Whatever that is, if you do exactly that, it's illegal.
Well, it just doesn't seem like a sincere position.
It's not even a position.
It's a nonsense made of grumpy asshole.
So naturally, a lot of folks in the services were offended
by these comments and spoke out about it.
Speaking to reporters, Pentagon spokesman John Kirby expressed
revulsion with Tucker's comments, and as reported by CNN,
quote, said the military still had a lot of work to do to
become more inclusive, more respectful of everyone,
especially women.
We pledge to do better and we will.
What we absolutely won't do is take personnel advice from
a talk show host or the Chinese military.
Maybe those folks feel like they have something to prove
that's on them.
Sure.
Tucker went on his show and whined about how the Pentagon
was attacking him, and it's an outrage.
Now Alex is reporting on Tucker's whining.
This is a game for people like Alex and Tucker.
They say something that they know is offensive and demeaning.
Then people respond that what they said was offensive
and demeaning.
And then they pretend that they're victims of being
oppressed by people expressing that what they said sucks.
Yeah.
Everybody gets a good news news cycle out of it.
And then we all move on the next day because we're all stupid.
It's outrageously dumb and a waste of everyone's time and
energy.
Yep.
And that is the best argument, I think, for making Tucker
Carlson not street legal.
Yeah.
I mean, it's like it's such a waste of resources.
It shouldn't even be hard.
Like in a literal sense, it should just be like you can.
It's against the law to be Tucker Carlson on air.
And if somebody does that, then you just play clips of
Tucker Carlson saying that at court, and then you convict
them for saying Tucker Carlson shit.
Interesting.
It's not hard.
So are you a linguist?
I like to ask random questions sometimes.
No.
Interesting.
I want to know what you think about this.
Alex is a linguist.
Oh, I don't.
I he has the right to make up words.
Sometimes even when he does, he's not making up a word.
Okay.
He's an innovator.
The crew just found something very, very interesting that
I had remembered a few months ago and then basically
forgotten about.
And so I'm so glad that they didn't let it fall through
the cracks.
And one of the crew members saw this and notice it
themselves, the pre-programming of wearing mask in Hollywood
movies, setting the future as a dystopia.
That's why I call them dystopics or dystopians.
And then I saw some talk show.
I was making fun of me a few weeks ago.
I just happened to run into it.
They go, Jones doesn't even know how to say dystopia.
No, it's called dystopic.
That's another word you can create new words, or you can
put different ends on them.
Dystopic is a word I came up with people that want to create
a dystopia as a form of governance on purpose, like fascist
or communist.
I call them dystopics.
And just as I started using the term dystopic, it's been
picked up.
Okay, that's fine.
That's not a word that Alex invented.
No, I was going to say that's an adjective.
Yeah, it's a clunkier version of the exact same word as
dystopian, since both are adjectives that connote something
being similar to a dystopia.
You can find some really interesting debate among amateur
linguists on message boards about whether or not you should
ever use dystopic instead of dystopian, and the general
consensus is that there's no real good reason to.
But also, who cares?
Alex did not come up with this word.
The earliest appearance of the word in Google's archive
of printed works appears to be in 1905, but interestingly,
the frequency of its use jumps after the 1960s.
I found an interesting article on the website Daily Writing
Tips that offers a potential theory for why Alex has this
as, like, his preferred word or a word that's in his head.
The author of this site was discussing how they use the
word dystopic and then wondered if it was actually a word.
Quote, I think my use of it in an article may stem from
frequent reading of film criticism.
They then go on to give some examples of instances where
the word is used generally in the discussion of pop culture
science fiction.
Well, there is that.
I suspect Alex is so entrenched in and so influenced by pop
culture science fiction and thinking that it's real that
he's probably encountered the word dystopic in that context
quite a bit, and now I guess he just thinks he coined the
term. Whether my theory is right or not, this is just some
embarrassing time-wasting that Alex is engaging in here.
You know, I actually did invent a word, Dan.
Is that right?
Yes. Have you ever heard the word exsanguinate?
That's a real word, isn't it?
It is a real word.
To remove blood from something, right?
So I created the word exsanguinate.
No, no, no, no.
Exsplatterate.
That's peeing?
Which is when you're watching, like, a samurai movie.
They get exsanguinated, but it goes all over the place.
It's a splatter version.
It's a splatterate, yeah.
See?
That's a good word!
I'm gonna...
I think it's gonna take the world by storm among people
who watch a lot of samurai movies.
Yeah, it could.
Yeah, I was really thinking, I'm like, did we make fun of
Alex for saying that? Like, we're using dystopian.
I was trying to think, who cares?
I don't think so.
Who else other than us would be paying attention?
Yeah, and I've used dystopic on this show.
Yeah, I would imagine it's come out of our mouths.
I like it.
I prefer it to dystopian.
And I think people...
Dystopian is the proper, like, more accepted version,
but it's not that dystopic isn't a word that you can use.
Yeah, no, no, no.
Dystopian's very elitist.
That Ian.
That Ian?
Uh-uh.
I don't like it.
Ick.
That's the way I roll, buddy.
All right, you and Alex can hang out in a hot tub and talk
about it.
Sounds good.
So, Fauci, Ailani Fauci.
What is he up to now?
He's disturbed that Trump voters don't want the vaccine.
Yes, we all are.
Fauci says it's so disturbing that Trump voters skeptical
of experimental mRNA vaccines.
Why would you be skeptical?
Let me just read you some of these headlines again.
Marvelous Marvin Hagler dead one day after taking it.
Let me just read you some of the things I lie about.
A couple days after he took it.
No big deal.
Germany suspends AstraZeneca mRNA vaccine amid clotting
concerns and links to deaths and people being paralyzed
and having strokes.
But that's no big deal.
I think it's okay to be skeptical about a vaccine that
was developed as quickly as these ones were.
That's fine.
When you find yourself feeling skeptical, the appropriate
thing to do is to look into the source of your skepticism
and see if you can resolve that skepticism.
Chronic skepticism isn't really healthy.
And whenever possible, you should transfer your skepticism
in the direction of finding a concrete position.
If you can.
Yeah, that's why they killed Socrates.
They were just sick of that guy being an asshole.
This is the kind of sleight of hand that Alex likes to use
a lot.
When he's actually advancing a pointlessly and aggressively
anti-vax position, he hides behind the illusion that he's
just being skeptical.
Is it so bad to be skeptical?
When he's pushing narratives to his audience about how
various victims of gun violence are actors and the whole
events were staged as an excuse to take his guns, he's
actually telling his audience that.
But when he gets called on it, he hides behind the illusion
that he's just asking questions and examining things from
all sides.
What's so wrong with asking questions?
Alex does this because on some level he knows that his
bullshit doesn't stand up to adult scrutiny.
So the only way for it to fly at all is for him to preemptively
give up on his own narratives as opposed to be forced to
defend them.
It's easy to criticize him, but it's very hard to criticize
being skeptical or asking questions about interesting topics.
That's why he plays the game that he does.
Yeah.
Alex is lying about Marvin Hagler, and he doesn't even have
the conspiracy timeline of Hank Aaron's death, right?
Now, as for that other issue in Germany, they are just
temporarily halting the rollout of the AstraZeneca vaccine
quote over a small number of blood clot concerns.
There weren't people in Germany who ended up with blood
clots, but there were a couple cases reported in Denmark
and Norway.
So Germany decided to hold things as a precaution.
There have been 37 reported cases of blood clots in the
population of over 17 million people in the world who have
received the AstraZeneca vaccine.
And according to the company, quote, there is no evidence
the vaccine carries an increased risk of clots.
It's entirely possible that that number of people out of
17 million would have gotten them anyway.
Yeah.
Italy halted the use of the vaccine as well, quote, as a
precaution and temporarily after there was concerns that
one man in the country died after getting the shot.
But it's not clear that the death is related to the vaccine.
This is all just countries being hyper cautious about the
vaccine rollout, and it isn't any evidence that it's killing
anyone or everyone or the vaccine is dangerous.
When I brought up Alex's fake and false skepticism, it's
important to realize that these are the first three stories
that he comes up with to justify that skepticism about
the vaccine.
This is bad work and the level of shit that he's bringing
to the table.
It would be wise for everyone to recognize that Alex has
not succeeded in justifying his skeptical position here.
His opposition to the vaccine doesn't rest on facts and
reality.
It exists in spite of them.
Yeah.
I was thinking about why it is, you know, like this vaccine
was developed so fast.
And I think part of the reason that we are skeptical about
it is because it's almost utopic.
You know, it's almost like how, how, how have we advanced
that far and how quickly we did it suggest?
Like, how quickly can we do it?
Is there a situation?
It implies a lot of potential.
Yeah.
Is there a situation in a few years where we can manufacture
vaccines almost instantly?
You know, like that's the type of shit that is almost too
good to be true.
And so the skepticism there, it comes from a place of awe
and wonder.
Yeah.
And I don't think, I don't think that being taken aback by
the circumstances of the world, particularly, you know,
the last year has been so insane and adjustments are so
complicated and difficult that the people have had to make
that I think that you can have a reaction that is in some
way skeptical, whether it's worry, anxiety-based, awe-based,
whatever it is, but you do have resources that you can go
to explore that skepticism and resolve it.
And if you behave like Alex does and throw out stupid headlines
that mean nothing and don't take into context the actual
circumstances, then what you're going to do is you're going
to end up staying in that skeptical place or retreating
into a dumb position that was where Alex wanted you to begin
with.
Yeah.
It's not, it's not healthy.
Yeah. It's also a little hard to believe that we can manufacture
a vaccine so quickly at the same time as half of Republican
men believe in witches causing our problems.
Right.
So that's a little bit weird.
Yeah.
It's hard to believe, but that's because we have human
brains.
Yes, exactly.
And we can believe it also because we have human brains.
Yeah.
So Alex referenced earlier that there was a movie that was
predictive programming.
Sure.
Right.
Are we going to talk about Oblivion again?
No.
Are we going to talk about that one where Will Smith fights
orcs or something?
The what?
The one where, like, he's the last guy on earth?
Yeah.
Something like that.
I am legend?
No, no, no, no.
He fights orcs in a different one.
That's technically vampires.
Is it?
Are they actually?
I mean, from the original, I suppose.
Isn't he the bad guy?
Yes, he is.
That's the reveal, Dan.
Yeah.
I am the evil.
What about after earth?
Was that the one where he's in space?
I don't know.
I think I'm only going to watch movies that either Vincent
Price was in or a remix of Wild West.
Yeah, exactly.
Trying to think of more Will Smith movies.
Men in Black 2.
Here come the Men in Black.
Galaxy Defenders.
Absolutely.
So no, it's none of those.
It's Avatar.
Great.
Run your phone calls here in just a moment.
But I first wanted to play a clip that is a great example
of predictive programming.
Is it from Pocahontas?
The 2009 James Cameron film, Avatar.
Oh, so it is.
That shows the planet Earth in 100 years or so.
And where the atmosphere is so toxic, we've all got to wear
these face masks.
Now, if you go back and you see the film Blade Runner that
came out in the early 1980s, same motif, dark skies, always
raining, flooded cities, dystopic by the year 2017.
And of course, it didn't happen.
But that was what Al Gore said was going to happen while he
bought oceanfront property 20 years ago.
And while Bill Clinton bought oceanfront property 30 years
ago and while Obama bought oceanfront property 10 years
ago. And of course, the seas aren't going up.
It's all lies.
But they show you a polar bear with its cub on an ice flow
and go, look, they're dying.
They can't swim.
They can swim 300 miles.
They hunt whale and seal on those.
Anybody can go read the Wikipedia entry on them.
Wow.
It is pathetic and on brand that Alex would point to a Wikipedia
page on polar bears to prove some kind of dumb point about
climate change.
That's all you need to know.
The illustration that that classic picture of a polar bear
and cub on an ice flow is not so much that they can't swim.
It's that when the ice recedes, the polar bear loses its
ability to hunt.
Polar bears don't just hunt swimming around in the water.
They hunt from the edge of ice protruding into water where
they can catch fish.
As ice disappears or becomes less stable, they have to cross
longer distances or be left to try and fish on the shore,
which is a less fish plentiful area.
The result of this is that we're likely to see collapsing
polar bear populations in the not too distant future if ice
continues to disappear.
Alex has one image that he thinks he can mock that's a
counterpoint to all climate change arguments, but in reality
it's a straw man he's built so he can win a fake argument.
As for people buying oceanfront property, I don't know if they
did or did not do that, but if they did, who cares?
Not all property near the ocean is intrinsically at high
risk due to rising sea levels.
None of this means anything.
It's nonsense.
Also, one big problem with Alex's idea about Avatar being
pre-programming to wear masks.
Humans don't have to wear masks on Earth in that movie.
They wear masks on Pandora because they can't breathe the
air on that planet.
I thought that's what happened.
I don't remember Earth being very important in that movie.
There is at the beginning a little bit on Earth and people
some people do wear masks and it appears to be like because
of pollution, but not everybody is wearing masks.
Only some people and in the scenes where they're inside
a place, everyone doesn't have masks on.
So it has nothing to do.
Really, it's all just sloppy ass work.
But also that's just like Asian cultures have had a mask
wearing as more acceptable or not more acceptable as a
totally normal thing.
Right.
And for a long time, what is it probably?
No, before Avatar.
So fuck off.
I don't need this shit.
Yeah, and I think it's a little silly, but the image that
you remember of people wearing masks and Avatar is on Pandora.
Yeah, because they can't breathe on Pandora.
Yeah, also, are we going to, like, remote into genetically
modified and created monsters?
That's the other question is like, what is not predictive
programming about that movie and what is?
Do you get to pick and choose?
Yeah, how does that work?
How does that work?
Do we get to join the noble Na'vi?
I think that movie has an uplifting message of abandoning
human life entirely.
Yeah, I think this might be convenience for Alex that he
found a scene in a movie where some people had face masks
on and he just decided this is predictive programming and
decided to ignore the rest of it.
And it's always fun to talk about Blade Runner.
Sure.
So Alex gets to taking some calls here at the end of this
episode here on the 15th.
And this one caller that he takes, he talks to him for a
very long time, and there's some very serious problems with
what he's bringing to the table.
Patriot doctor in Missouri works at nursing home and wants
to comment on COVID vaccines.
Thanks for calling.
Thanks for holding Patriot doctor from Missouri.
Yeah.
Hi, Alex.
So I'm a geriatrician.
I'm family medicine trained.
I'm a geriatrician.
I work in nursing homes.
I have had 21 patients that I've identified that have died
within 48 hours of getting either the first or second vaccine
from AstraZeneca.
I'm a geriatrician.
They are not calling it a vaccine related incident because
CVS is the ones that are administering the vaccine.
CVS has the contract.
There's one giant hole in this guy's story.
There's no way that his patients could be dying after
getting the AstraZeneca vaccine, because that vaccine is
not approved for use in the United States.
It's still in phase three clinical trials.
And though the US has purchased a lot of doses of the vaccine,
it's not looking like they're going to be able to get
approval to begin using them until spring.
It's pretty embarrassing for Alex to not even know what
vaccines are approved for use in the United States.
But for this alleged doctor to get that very critical detail
wrong, that's fucking disqualifying.
Yeah.
Like this guy, I don't think that he's actually a doctor.
No, absolutely not.
He starts talking and he just gets into, like, Infowars
talking points about the dangers of vaccines.
Yeah.
And it's like, I'm not going to take you seriously.
Or I mean, I don't know.
I guess I'll take you as seriously as you're taking claims
that your patients are on the AstraZeneca vaccine, which
is not seriously at all.
You go fuck yourself.
Yeah.
You know, sometimes, you know, with these callers, I halfway
think that some of these guys are just role playing.
Yeah, no, totally.
This is what I should say, because people need to get this
information, but I'm not actually a geriatrician, but it's
the radio on Infowars.
So fuck it.
I'll just say that I'm way in on medicine.
Yeah, and 48 of my patients have died from taking a vaccine
that you can't take in the United States.
Exactly.
Go fuck yourself, man.
Patriot doctor.
Fuck off.
Patriot.
Anyway, so we get to the 16th now, and Alex, interestingly,
he doesn't talk anymore about how he is now the leader,
the anointed leader of the Patriots.
You don't need to worry about that too much.
That storyline drops out.
You know?
Yeah.
But look, man, the globalists are going to kill everyone.
They want to kill everybody, but they want to kill you in
a year, 6 years, 10 years.
Every person is different.
And then they'll just claim it's something else causing it.
It's called a soft kill weapon.
Silent weapons for quiet wars.
There's Pentagon papers on that.
If you'd like to go look that up.
But here's the Wall Street Journal last year, looking
forward to the end of humanity, saying humanity will be
exterminated.
It is a wonderful, good, loving thing.
Silent weapons for quiet wars is a completely fraudulent
document that was pushed by Bill Cooper in his book,
Behold a Pale Horse.
We covered it in great detail on episode 381 of our show.
So if you'd like to hear more about why that's bullshit and
why it's embarrassing for Alex to be referencing it as a
real Pentagon document, then go ahead.
Give that episode a spin.
The article that Alex is referring to, the looking forward
to the end of humanity, that doesn't discuss how great it
will be when humanity isn't around.
It's an easy misrepresentation to make of the headline,
but the text of the editorial article doesn't say what Alex
is telling his audience.
It does.
The essential game that Alex plays is to make really scary
claims that attempt to defend them by pointing to evidence
that might appear to support the argument, but is actually
misrepresented or a completely fake thing.
You could sum up most of his career just with that one
sentence.
Yeah, yeah.
You know, is it possible for things to be great after the
only people to invent the word great are gone?
I'm not sure I'm following you, but you're still doing
hand gestures.
Humanity.
If humanity has gone extinct, there's no consciousness to
reflect upon the quality of things.
The concept of great would be gone.
Counterpoint.
What's that?
What about that octopus who predicts soccer games?
Ah, yeah, but I bet the octopus feels in a different,
you know, it's not great.
The octopus is just like, it's really octopussy right now.
He likes Bond movies.
Yeah, I'm getting a real good vibe about it right now.
Yeah.
All right, fine.
Okay.
I don't know what that octopus would think about this,
but I do think that Alex might be trying to launch a chain
email.
I got really confused listening to this clip.
Legitimately, I was sitting in my chair like,
what are you talking about?
What is this?
Okay, let me read you this first.
I meant to cover this yesterday.
And since I didn't cover it, I said, well, let me just send
it to a bunch of national talk show host.
I like and I sent it off to some folks and I got some good
responses back and they said, yeah, we're going to, we're
going to definitely look into this and use this.
And so, uh, well, one great talk show said, I'm going to
steal this from you.
And I said, I can't steal it from me because it's the truth.
And I didn't write it.
Irishman 1776 did in the video I did Sunday.
Okay.
I got to stop right there just because like, I'm listening
to this and I'm like, Irishman 1776 wrote this and you're
sending it to like your contacts in the media.
Some commenter on your website wrote something.
Yep.
Okay.
That's the state of play.
We're at about marvelous Marvin Hagler dying, his organs
liquefying sadly, one day after he took the MRNA vaccine.
Similar to what happened to Hank Aaron.
So if we can put up the live show feed name of the broadcast
today, we'll, we'll go to that in a moment.
It's on info wars.com, the live show feed.
There it is.
Politico celebrates end of humanity, total sterilization
by 2045.
Wow.
That's quite a headline.
Top scientists directly link MRNA vaccines to infertility
and women.
Of course we should add cancer.
Also top scientists warns world to hold all COVID vaccines
immediately or uncontrollable monster quote will be unleashed.
Now let's go ahead and read what Irishman 1776 said.
And the reason I put the headline of the show up is we're
going to add what the Irishman 1776 said, and you can read
this, it's all true.
This is all public information.
It's prima facia on its face.
And we're going to post what he said in the live show feed
of the broadcast today, where Politico is celebrating the
end of humanity.
So you can share this because a lot of the crew saw this
this morning and said, you know, I'm going to give this
to my family.
What would happen if you went to info wars.com and copied
it, put it in email and told other people to share it and
pay it forward.
We might actually turn around this globalist extermination
operation.
We could win.
If you just take what the Irishman wrote, I, I refuse,
refuse.
So listen to first-hand information from Irishman 1776.
You're not.
And we'll get to that.
Oh boy.
But first, just long and short of this, Politico isn't
celebrating infertility in the end of people being able to
reproduce.
It's a, they had an interview with a doctor who is theorizing
that we are running into fertility problems in the next
couple of decades because of some chemicals.
And the answer to that, I guess, would probably be
regulation of business or industry regulations.
Industry byproducts, you don't register, you don't regulate
murder.
Sure.
So the problem with assigning these kinds of things like
Alex is doing to anonymous screen names is I have no idea
who Irishman 1776 is.
And I don't know if he's the same person who uses that
screen name on Reddit.
If he is, then he posted this message two years ago in an
Oklahoma based Reddit board quote, I'm 22 and I'm trying to
lose my virginity.
Ladies, hit me up.
Obviously, you need to be 18 or older.
Aside from that, I don't care about age.
I don't care about race or looks.
I don't care about your marital status.
No idea if that's the same guy or if he ended up losing that
virginity.
But you can see the problem here.
It's kind of silly to base your reporting on anonymous
internet comments.
Well.
Also, this is really funny to see Alex trying to get this
comment on his website sent out to people like Tucker Carlson
and make it into a chain email that your grandparents could
send to you because the user, the 1776 Irishman, didn't write
it.
If you Google the text of this post, you will find that
Irishman 1776 is just reposting a meme that I can find being
posted on Facebook as early as at least January 31st.
I looked around a little more and I found the exact text of
the Irishman's comment being tweeted out by an Indian
actress named Pooja Bedi on January 15th.
There's a number of responses to her tweet indicating that
this was a message that had been circulating previously on
WhatsApp and Pooja had just copied and pasted it from there.
This is an old anti-vax meme that Alex didn't bother to look
into and is pretending is the work of some sagely analysis
that one of his anonymous viewers conducted.
This is outrageously sad whether or not this is the same
guy trying to get laid on Reddit.
Oh, also the claims in the meme aren't real.
Yeah, well, that doesn't surprise me.
It better not be David O'Doherty.
If it's him, I'm disappointed.
That's Mr. Show showing up at the Capitol, David.
So if you're listening, it might be Patrick McMahon.
So Alex reads the meme and it's basically just like,
if I get vaccinated, can I go in public?
The government says no.
All this nonsense.
Sure.
Anyway, Alex is like, yeah, you got to fucking get this out
there because we're going to win.
And there it is.
We'll take this live segment later and add it to the page at
band.video and the live show feed so you can share this video
of the breakdown.
But I suggest you just share the text of it now at
infoawars.com and newswars.com in the live show feed with
everyone you know and this live link or roll over and die.
Separately.
We only have two days left.
It will end on Thursday.
Separately?
Free shipping store wide will end.
Or perhaps synergistically.
Oh, God.
Separately.
The Irishman1776 posted a dumb meme in my comment section.
We're going to start a chain email about it.
Yeah.
Send it along or die.
Which is actually something I remember seeing in dumb chain
emails.
It does seem to, I do seem to recall if I don't send this
to 10 people, I will die.
You just sleep.
I do recall that.
He's a chain email now.
Yes, it has become a chain email.
Yeah, he's reached his final Pokemon evolution.
Yeah, I think I want to reach back to something he said on
the previous episode, which is that many people on the left
are just useful idiots who are destroying their lives.
And I feel like I'm more looking to apply that to Alex himself.
Yeah, I think about something he said on the previous episode,
and that is that all the big wigs and the higher ups and
the anti globalist world are like, Alex, you're such a genius.
I can't believe that you're in communication with Irishman 1776.
Where?
How do you know so much?
Can you imagine?
How are you right about everything?
Well, I read about Irishman 1776.
World leaders listen to Alex's show and hear him talk about
dumb bullshit.
People posted his comments.
That's because what?
Putin doesn't have the time to go through Info Wars comments.
No, certainly not.
So he's got to let Alex filter that shit for him.
And to be honest, I know that a lot of people, they say that
it's tough to listen to Info Wars without our filter.
And I totally understand that.
I get it.
And I think Alex could actually be a filter for his own
comments, because even I don't think I could handle his
comment section.
No, no, no, no.
I think even that would be too toxic.
Alex should do a show where he takes all the Nazi comments
out and there wouldn't be much.
There would be one comment from Irishman 1776.
There'd be a bunch of people that would just be, like,
reposting of memes.
Yeah.
Anyway, Alex has found a new operation that proves something.
You think Joe Biden is even in on this?
No, Joe Biden does what he's told.
It's the Rockefellers.
It's the Rothschilds.
It's the Globalist.
And Bill Gates works directly under the Rockefeller Brothers
Foundation.
I thought he was on the council now.
Was Event 201, was Operation Crimson Contagion, which I will
cover tomorrow.
It's just so complex and so important.
I procrastinated on it because I wanted to read hundreds
of pages of stuff on it, and I've gone over it.
But guys, give me the folder on Crimson Contagion.
I want to make sure that we hit that tomorrow, because that's
so critical.
One of my favorite things in the world is things that are
so important that Alex will reference them, but have to
resist to getting into them until tomorrow.
Oh, yeah.
Seems like you should really take this seriously.
You might.
So in fairness, Crimson Contagion was a real thing.
It was a series of exercises undertaken by the Trump
Department of Health and Human Services, which took place
between January and August 2019.
The New York Times reported on the exercises last March in
a conversation about how dreadfully Trump and his
administration dropped the ball in terms of dealing with
the novel coronavirus.
There was a report that was completed in October 2019, and
reading it is really depressing today.
This report, based on an exercise testing response to a
novel influenza outbreak, is full of lessons we learned
after the coronavirus outbreak.
Things like, quote, currently there are insufficient funding
sources designated for the federal government to use in
response to severe influenza pandemic, or, quote, state and
federal entities identified challenges in implementing
remote work telework policies as a workforce protection
measure, or, quote, the current medical countermeasure supply
chain and production capacity cannot meet the demands imposed
by nations during global influenza pandemic.
Yeah, they knew all that stuff before.
Yeah, this is the result of living in both a we can develop
a vaccine in six months and a we believe witches are causing
our problems circumstance.
Yeah.
Yeah, all of our scientists and professional people were
like, here are the problems we'll face in a pandemic.
Yes.
And they were like, what if instead we do nothing?
What if we get rid of all the witches?
Yeah, what if you take zinc?
Yeah.
So this report also highlighted that exercise participants
were confused about which organizations, local or federal,
took the lead in the case of an outbreak, which is.
Oh, boy.
So sure fucking was everybody whenever the federal government
decided to kill us all.
This document is a really huge problem for someone like Alex,
because it basically demonstrates that the Trump Health
and Human Services Department was asleep at the wheel when
it came to implementing the changes recommended by this
exercise.
They did this study that revealed things that were clearly
a problem.
Then Trump did nothing and the public paid for it.
Yep.
It's basically it.
This exercise is a strong indicator that had Trump run
an efficient, effective and competent government, we could
have avoided so much of the pain and misery that's come from
COVID-19.
This is something that was reported on over a year ago in
the mainstream media, but I guess Alex just heard about it.
So he's got to come out and do some spin because it so clearly
shows that Trump's government had every reason to be aware
of where some of the difficulties would be.
In the case of a pandemic, Alex has to make this exercise
itself part of the globalist conspiracy in the plot.
Totally.
Alex claims to be tomorrow's news today, but in reality,
he's last year's spin being half-assed tomorrow.
Yeah.
I was really proud of that line.
Yeah, I know you delivered it with a plum, Dan.
I could have hit it a little bit harder, but you know, we
can we can do two takes.
No, we can't.
Okay.
Yeah, it's just it's a bummer.
I mean, I remember when that report was first out last year.
I remember reading about it.
I didn't remember that name, although quite catchy, and I'm
sure we'll be hearing Crimson Contagion quite a bit from Alex.
But yeah, I'd kind of forgotten about some of the findings
of it and how like a year ago, I think a lot of it would
have felt different than it does now.
Totally.
Because I don't think that we would have realized how we
relearned all those things back in March 2020.
Like one thing that is a little bit fucking me up about
how we deal with this is we do talk a lot about, rightfully,
all of the people that the Trump administration has sentenced
to death, all of the people that have been crippled by the
response. And at the same time, we don't talk about it.
It's also their fault that we were trapped inside for a
fucking year. A year of everyone's life was taken around
the fucking world because nobody could fucking respond to
this like a goddamn adult.
And it's very frustrating.
Yeah, it's very frustrating.
It is.
Yeah, I'm with you.
Anyway, because it's such a damning piece of evidence
against the effectiveness and the proper response by his
God King. It's part of the conspiracy.
Yeah, it has to be.
It's them revealing their plans.
So Alex gets to talking about Zbigniew Brzezinski a little
bit.
Sure.
Now is a good time.
I didn't know this, but apparently Zbigniew Brzezinski gave
a speech one time and he's like, kill everyone.
That would be an interesting thing for Brzezinski to do.
I was surprised.
That's a new one.
I was surprised to hear that.
That was a new one.
And so there's the Rockefellers in the 60s going, we need
to sterilize people. That's actually just talking about,
like, birth control.
Sure, sure, sure, sure.
Well, now they've learned fertility is so strong.
Unless you remove the sexual organs, it's best just to kill
people. That's why Brzezinski, before he died, gave that
speech to CFR in Canada, their CFR, and said, their CFR?
It is now much easier instead of propagandizing a million
people to kill a million people.
We have passed the point of being able to convince them.
Now it is time to kill them.
His daughter is married to Psycho Joe.
And he's not being found with dead interns, their brains
bashed out.
He's up there calling for forced inoculations.
Know your enemy.
You know, I just quoted Zbigniew Brzezinski.
Go look it up.
It is time to move forward against them.
There is no convincing them now.
It is easier to kill them.
Odd choice.
And he goes on.
It would be good to convince them.
You will not win this fight.
Only killing them will work now.
And we're just supposed to go, oh, okay.
We're supposed to go, oh, okay.
So if I'm to understand, a man famous for really good
writing, speaking, and diplomatic language just went to
Canada one time and was like, look, we got to kill everybody.
First of all, it wasn't in Canada.
Second, yeah, this is silly.
Although it is fun.
And one of the things I think is most revealing about a
clip like that is, like, know your enemy.
Like, no, know your fake enemy.
Yeah, this is not real.
I'm not here to go to bed for Zbigniew Brzezinski or any
of, like, I'm not defending any specifics about his foreign
policy, but I'm looking at this claim that Alex is making.
And the quote is real.
I mean, part of the quote is real.
There's a short clip of him that gets passed around a lot
where he says, quote, in earlier times, it was easier to
control a million people.
Literally, it was easier to control a million people than
physically to kill a million people.
Today, it's infinitely easier to kill a million people than
to control a million people.
Oh, so you mean he's describing perhaps humanity's ability
to drop a giant bomb on one another.
It was hard to find a full transcript of the speech or any
concrete citations of what else was said.
And I'm certain from the jump that Alex is making all this
shit up.
What Brzezinski is saying here is kind of just true, like
weapons development have been such over the past hundred
years that it's technically easier to kill a million people
than it is to control them.
That's descriptively accurate.
I can see no indication from that clip that gets passed
around that he's saying that it's good to control or kill
people.
That's where the disagreement with Alex comes in.
It doesn't seem like this has any moral indications.
Right, right, right, right.
So this quote comes from a November 17th, 2008 speech at
the Chatham House.
The rest of the clip that goes around that you can find has
to do with the fact that there was a political awakening
happening around the world.
So I found it interesting that when I was looking around, the
next thing I found was a December 16th, 2008 op-ed that
Brzezinski had published in the New York Times titled, quote,
the Global Political Awakening.
Sure.
The article is basically making the argument that the US's
leadership role in the world was severely tarnished by
things like the Iraq War, and Obama was coming into office
with a very serious need to recover international legitimacy.
It sure seems to happen after a lot of presidents, doesn't
it, Dan?
Certainly, certainly.
Yeah.
The issue that compounded things was that countries like
China, Japan, and India were taking a more prominent role
in the global stage.
Brzezinski had this to say, quote, in this dynamically
changing world, the crisis of American leadership could
become the crisis of global stability.
Yet in the foreseeable future, no state or combination of
states can replace the linchpin role America plays in the
international system.
Without US recovery, there will be no global recovery.
The only alternative to a constructive American role is
global chaos.
The New York Times op-ed was an incomplete text of the
speech, but the full version was published in the January
2009 edition of the journal International Affairs.
If you read the quote in its full context in the actual
article, what Brzezinski is talking about is the ending of
American colonialism, which the need for which is demonstrated
by the Iraq War.
Right.
Right, right.
Again, another one of those lessons that we knew before we
did the thing.
Yeah, yeah.
Quote, these major world powers, new and old, also face
a novel reality.
While the lethality of their military might is greater than
ever, their capacity to impose control over the politically
awakened masses of the world is at a historic low.
To put it bluntly, in earlier times, it was easier to control
one million people than to physically kill one million
people.
Today, it's infinitely easier to kill one million people
than to control one million people.
That insight bears directly on the use of force, particularly
by societies that are culturally alien, even if technically
superior.
As a result, in the current post-colonial era, it is too
costly to undertake colonial wars.
That is a reality some recent American policymakers failed
to assimilate to America's detriment.
It's very clear that the context of what he's saying has
to do with the gaffes, let's say, of Bush war policy.
Yeah.
And to pretend...
The genocidal tendencies of the far right in all countries.
To pretend that Zbigniew Brzezinski, in that article, or
in that speech, which is just a transcript of the article.
Yeah.
I'm sorry, a transcript of the speech.
To pretend that what he's saying is, it used to be easier
to control a million people than it was to kill them.
Now it's easier to kill them, so we should just kill them.
So we should just kill them.
That's fucking bullshit.
That's insane.
Yeah, that's outrageous.
I mean, Alex is just making shit up.
And know your enemy.
Yeah.
The fake one that I'm going to tell you.
The fake one that I have to tell you.
Because I want to scare you.
Because if you knew the real one, you would be like, oh, no,
I think Alex might be my enemy.
Yeah, Alex is your enemy, and also Zbigniew Brzezinski had
some ideas that you should take issue with it, but it's going
to be difficult for you to wrestle with some of the
interconnected realities that Zbigniew Brzezinski, who's
dealing with, that Alex is pretending don't exist.
Someone might say that if you were above the two party system
and famously opposed to the Iraq war, if I remember correctly,
right, Alex was opposed to the Iraq war?
Yeah.
So it seems like you would be like, yeah, I'm glad that even
people on the left paradigm are like, the Iraq war is bad.
If you were above the two party system.
Well, he's not, it's all an act, and I don't think he's ever
actually even read that full speech.
Oh, why would he?
He got what he needed.
He's seen the memes and that little clip that went around,
and then he wrote a story about the rest of the context,
and the rest of the context for Alex is a dumb impression.
And, oh, so we must kill them.
It's time to move and kill people.
Yep.
So it's so stupid.
And then claiming that's a direct quote.
Like, fuck off.
Yeah, yeah.
It's abusive to the audience.
I mean, it doesn't give them the ability to actually choose
who they like and dislike in the world.
When you create completely false portraits of your enemies
because you want to scare them and keep them in your side.
Yeah, that's why you start a cult.
Yeah, yeah.
I don't want these people to have a choice of their own.
So Jordan, we got a guest.
This is a guy that I haven't heard of before.
I haven't seen.
Guy named Stu Peters.
Stu Peters.
And so I looked him up and I thought his name was spelled S-T-U Peters.
Uh-huh.
And so I looked that guy up and apparently there's, like,
a broadcaster in the UK who got in trouble for, like,
making some offensive comments about Black Lives Matter.
That sounds right.
I was like, that's an Infowars guest.
That's probably an Infowars guest.
There you go.
Different Stu Peters.
So if I understand correctly now,
I know it requires three to have a pattern,
but I am beginning to suspect that all Stu Peters are bad.
I mean, I know of two.
I am sorry if there's any Stu Peters in our audience,
but these two are not, they're not helping your team.
If there are, I need to know now you need to break the pattern of threes.
Yeah.
Because once we get to three, I'm going to then assume all Stu Peters from now on.
Evil people.
So Stu Peters is not stupendous.
Shut up.
That wasn't my problem.
I like how I told you to shut up when you said nothing.
Yeah.
So Stu Peters is on and I just, this guy's a shithead,
but like, I found this clip really interesting because he is like,
if he's auditioning for a job with Infowars, he nailed it.
Okay.
So many buzzwords.
And we ran out of time when I was preparing this episode,
but I was legit going to make bingo cards.
Oh, okay.
Because it's just like, I got bingo.
He's hitting them all?
I legitimately said in the middle of this clip, when I was listening to the episode,
I got bingo.
Did you need to use the free space or did you get...
No.
Okay.
Actually, I got a blackout.
You got a blackout?
Yeah.
So due process here is not something that we deal with in the new woke states of America.
This is a condemnation, a demasculisation, a feminization, the neutering,
the castration of law enforcement officers everywhere, all over the place.
The rank and file is no longer effective.
Policing is a hundred percent dead.
Let's get rid of them then.
It's been overtaken by this liberal, woke, leftist, swamp, communist, radical,
totalitarian, fascist leadership style.
Lionel!
That basically...
Where'd you come from?
Is the new Nazi style brown shirts.
Oh God, I got exhausted.
That's all I hear.
All I hear is blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
But I was also listening to that.
I'm like, Alex is going to want to hire this fucking dude.
This guy is...
He's got info written all over him.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then it turns out that he got into a little bit of white victimhood.
And I'm like, Alex is writing a contract right now.
During his other interviews, Alex is eating a cheeseburger.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
On the edge of his seat saying buzzwords.
That's all Alex needs to hear.
This guy's calling a lawyer to get a contract drawn up.
Oh boy.
Okay, we are legalizing crime in the United States of America and villainizing anybody
who expects the protection of the police, anybody who backs or supports law enforcement,
and anybody who just wants to get up every day and enjoy the sanctity of a nice quiet
neighborhood and go to work.
If you are a white, God-fearing, patriotic Christian conservative specifically, you are
destined for the gulags.
You're going to hell, period.
You're the criminal and you should watch your six because there is not anybody at the
higher ranks of law enforcement or the government that truly has your back.
All these institutions that we were raised, Alex, trying to be taught, these are the
people that we can trust, are exactly the ones that are coming after you.
They don't like whites anymore.
Oh, we used to own everything, but now we don't.
Yeah, I think that typically when I hear someone who's got this verbal pattern, this guy
who throws around buzzwords like he does, this guy who's...
I mean, the whole reason he's on is to talk about the Floyd trial, the Derek Chauvin trial,
and that's what is the neutering of the police and what have you.
And so when I hear him bring up something like straight, God-fearing, white conservatives
are heading for a gulag, I'm like, I gotta go, man.
I can't stand these people because this is the type of shit where you're like, one, in
a certain sense, this is a benchmark of the progress of the conservative right because
you could grab that exact dude, put him in the 60s and he'd say the exact same shit,
but it'd be more explicit.
Take him, put him in the 30s.
He'd be saying the exact same shit, but even more explicit than the 60s.
And then put him in the 1890s.
You go far enough back, he's a Democrat.
Motherfucker wants slaves and he's a Democrat.
Yeah.
You know, like, that's what this guy is.
I know this guy from every period of American history.
Go away.
We're leaving you behind, just get up to speed, man.
I'm not a fan of what he brings to the table.
And I actually had a really complicated sort of experience with trying to figure out, like,
what's this guy's deal?
Yeah.
Turns out, like, he used to be a bounty hunter.
And so I was like, man, you should have just stayed a bounty hunter.
But then I'm like, I don't want you to be a bounty hunter.
No, absolutely not.
I don't want you to do either of the jobs you're doing.
This is an evil person.
Yeah.
I don't want you to be a pundit nor bounty hunter.
Uh-uh.
So it turns out just two weeks ago, he was a bounty hunter.
Great.
You should try data entry as a medium ground.
No, no, no.
It turns out if you listen to this clip carefully, he doesn't know much about data.
That's fair.
The level of gaslighting has reached Mad Hatter levels here.
And so lay out some of those numbers.
Well, you know, I don't have exact up-to-date numbers.
Here's what I do have.
And I only stopped chasing fugitives just weeks ago after 18 years of doing this.
And so it was my job in writing and staying proficient in these numbers to understand
what's really going on in every single community that we serve.
Because regardless of whether or not we're cops, we're doing a job where we're arresting
people, taking people to jail.
And it's a very real probability I've been shot at.
I mainly deal with people of color, with black folks.
And I don't know why that is.
But that's what the facts are.
And the facts are that last year, when we look at the cops and the black people and
this big theory of systemic racism, and I'm looking at it right here, nine unarmed black
people were killed by cops last year.
Nine.
19 white unarmed people were killed by cops last year.
More officers are killed every single year than unarmed blacks.
So the question is, when does the blue lives matter?
So I can sort this out for Stu really fast if he's actually interested.
The reason more cops are shot each year than unarmed black people is because they're
cops, and the job comes with a heightened likelihood of encountering criminals with
guns.
It's not good that cops are shot, but it's also an understandable aspect of that line
of work, an element that they don't share with people who happen to be black and unarmed.
As for the discrepancy between nine unarmed black people and 19 unarmed white people
being killed by cops last year, this is another one that's really super easy to sort out.
I have no idea if his numbers are even accurate, but let's assume for the sake of argument
that they are, because that's what he's bringing to the table.
According to the US Census data, in 2019, the most recent numbers that he could find,
the US population is 60.1% white and 12.5% black.
Assuming Stu's numbers are correct, even though there are more total white people who
are shot by cops, it's still wildly disproportionate when viewed in terms of the population sizes.
If the country were 50% white and 50% black, then his numbers might mean something, but
the demographics don't look like that, and his numbers are nothing more than props that
he's using to mask the underlying racism of his actual argument.
The thrust of this, and the main point, is that we shouldn't be concerned about police
killing unarmed black people, and I find that offensive.
We should care about police killing people, regardless of other variables involved, but
even Stu's own numbers illustrate that there's a much higher likelihood of an unarmed black
person being killed by police than an unarmed white person.
Basically, this clip is a perfect encapsulation about how I feel about Stu Peters.
He's either too stupid to know that the stats he's using are meaningless, or he understands
exactly what he's doing, and he's trying to minimize issues related to race and policing.
If he's this sloppy with something like that, that in theory has something to do with his
primary field of expertise since he was a bounty hunter, if he's that sloppy there, I'm not
going to listen to him on any topic that he's not conceivably an expert in.
I don't want to know what this guy thinks about COVID-19.
Who cares?
Yeah, you know, I've never wondered why it is bounty hunters aren't in charge of things,
but I think there's a good reason.
You don't support the reign of King Dog?
I just don't think that bounty hunters should really be in charge of things.
I mean, now look, I love Cowboy Bebop.
I think bounty hunting is great.
Yeah, that's great.
Fantastic.
Mandalorian.
All of it.
Great.
Good stuff.
They don't run things, though.
I'm aware of, since I listened to this interview, this guy, I'm aware of two bounty hunters,
him and Dog.
Spike Spiegel, Jet Black, Faye Valentine.
I don't know any of these people.
Radical Edward and Ein.
I'm talking about real life.
Oh, okay.
Um, so there's Dog and this guy, and both of them have stories about crossing the border
and trying to kidnap somebody.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dog did that, and then this guy was telling a story on Alex's show about how he got in
trouble for going to Mexico to try to extradite somebody.
It's like, you can't do that!
I'm a bounty hunter!
Why do I have to pay attention to international law?
Look, I am Batman.
I go wherever I want to solve crimes.
Yeah, slash just grab, grab people.
Fuck this guy.
I skipped most of his interview.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
When you got this annoying of a voice, you disqualify yourself that hard on stats?
I don't even really care.
Yeah.
And...
And literally everything you say is just a giant racist dog whistle.
Yes.
Yeah.
And we have a return on the podcast.
We have a return of somebody we haven't seen in a little bit while.
Okay.
A little bit while.
We got the Health Ranger, Mike Adams.
Who?
He has a story about a guy who has an interesting perspective.
I don't fully understand it myself, and it would be kind of silly for me to try to pontificate
about it, but he's a guy who's trying to make an argument that a vaccine, it works on individual
levels, but there may be some negative consequences from applying them broadly across the population
when there's already an outbreak.
Sure.
As I understand, that's the argument that he's putting forth.
Mike Adams takes that and now is on a new tip.
Okay.
He's on a new tip.
Is it under for humanity?
No, it's really, really over for humanity.
So what can we do?
Of course, all the things that you've been talking about and your guess, Alex, which
is boost your immune function, make sure you have good nutrition, get plenty of rest and
avoid vaccinated people because they are the virus shedders.
They are the mutant factories.
And then get educated and try to educate the people around you so that they learn before
they run over and try to get vaccinated.
Because if you vaccinate yourself as an ignorant, uninformed person, you are sacrificing your
life.
I call it vaccine suicide.
Wow.
That's something.
I mean, you could have called it vaccine aside.
You could.
Yeah.
I think it rolls off the tongue a lot better.
And Mike thinks he's a rapper.
Yeah, exactly.
Get the fuck out of here.
Even Alex can invent words that already existed.
Yeah.
This is kind of interesting to me because it's like, okay, this has evolved now.
And now Mike Adams is saying, avoid anyone who's been vaccinated.
How do you get away with it?
You said it's over for humanity.
Now you're gone.
I think the idea that he's trying to put forth is that people who get vaccinated will end
up causing mutations of the virus.
And then they will give you the incubators for a whole new generation of murder.
Right.
So you got to avoid them.
This is going to turn into, like, I don't know.
Obviously, I don't know how many people take any of this seriously.
But assuming that there are, you've got to think that this would lead to communes.
Yeah.
You have to isolate yourself from all other people.
Only trust what Alex Jones and Mike Adams say.
And I don't know, they're really mad about the idea that international travel countries
might require proof of vaccination to get in.
They're going to have to create communities where proof of non-vaccination is the only
way you can get in.
It seems so.
And if they have an outbreak in those communities, they're wiped out almost immediately.
Right.
Yeah, this is just dumb.
I don't know.
Anyway, I like how these guys have bad solutions to imaginary problems they made up.
Right.
But I think that the function of this narrative in terms of the larger sphere of Infowars
talking points is I think that they recognize that, historically, we've seen outbreaks
of vaccine preventable conditions in non-vaccinated communities.
A lot of times anti-vax clusters end up having a resurgence of things that are preventable.
Yeah, that's why measles became a problem again.
And I think that they recognize that there is a decent chance that should COVID stop
being a problem due to widespread vaccination, that they'll end up being blamed because they
don't want to get vaccinated.
And so they have to create a new explanation for it.
And it's vaccinated people have created mutant things within their body.
And then guess what happens?
What?
Then people are going to come to your house and vaccinate you at gunpoint.
And not only that, a panic.
I want Daleks to do it.
Hey, race war.
Oh, no.
Yes.
Damn it.
Yep.
I got bingo.
I was so close.
Once the next big wave breaks out from this, could be months, could be a year, according
to medical doctors and scientists, they're going to blame us.
There already are.
Even though in the literature, it admits it's not us.
It doesn't matter.
They're still getting ready to blame us.
This is so dangerous.
You can see the whole plan right now.
They're going to push the mass panic in the second wave and then say that this justifies
gunpoint vaccinations.
So at that point, they will be able to have the political power to unleash now the woke
military to go door to door in cities across America, confiscating your guns and
vaccinating you at gunpoint assault with a race war with gun confiscation.
A medical tyranny civil war is the amended plan.
You see it all being set up now in a minute and a half.
How do we stop it?
Um, 90 seconds.
I got 90 seconds to tell you how to have to stop a race war, civil war, medical tyranny.
How do we stop it?
90 seconds.
Sound bites only.
No complicated plans.
Definitely not anything with nuance.
World debt.
Yeah.
Oh shit.
It's over for humanity.
Yeah.
I don't know why the race war got thrown in there except for it's preoccupation.
Just toss a race war in there.
Yeah.
I mean, this is, this just feels like preemptive narrative building for the possibility of
resurgences in non-vaccinated communities.
Right.
So if I understand correctly so far, what we're dealing with is Alex Jones is the only
person you can trust.
You need to avoid all vaccinated people, which probably means you guys need to get together
in a commune.
Right.
And a race war is obviously coming.
Uh huh.
So explain to me how different Alex is from Charles Manson.
I think...
Well, Charles Manson never inspired people to storm the Capitol.
No, that's true.
So there's that.
Yeah.
I don't, I don't know.
Well, I mean, I guess they are both friends with musicians.
Billy Corgan's been on Info Wars.
Totally.
Huh.
Uh, Alex hasn't carved a swastika in his head yet.
That's true.
That is true.
Now we haven't seen him with his, uh, I wouldn't say, look, I haven't seen him naked.
I'm not saying he hasn't carved a swastika somewhere.
It's interesting.
Um, proof, evidence of...
Wait.
Absence is not absence of evidence.
Or absence of evidence is not evidence of absence.
Something like that.
Yeah.
So, uh, Mike Adams now is predicting that hundreds of millions will be dead because
of the vaccine though, not because of COVID.
And you got to just...
You lose.
You don't get to say that.
You just got to say goodbye to your family.
All right.
Say goodbye.
Okay.
Wave goodbye.
All the things we just mentioned, take care of your immune system, take care of your health,
avoid the vaccine at all costs and avoid other people who are vaccinated.
Secondly, we've got to continue to build out our independent platforms like you have done,
like I'm doing, we've got to continue to expand our reach.
You know, the mainstream media is collapsing in terms of its viewership and yet more and
more people are viewing independent truth media, even though the censorship is, has
never been worse.
But we are winning to those people who are willing to live.
Those who want to commit suicide and die, we can't help them any longer.
Pray for them, wish them the best, but wave goodbye to those people because many of those
people, millions or even hundreds of millions may die.
But for the survivors, educate, inform, and connect.
And that's how we can rebuild society after this vaccine Holocaust is unleashed upon our
world.
And that's what it is.
Alex, it's a vaccine Holocaust.
Absolutely.
Maybe a thousand times more people than the Holocaust of World War II.
We don't know.
Everything I got level intellectually tells me this is just incredibly dangerous and we've
got to warn people now while we still can.
Thousands of times, the people that died in the Holocaust is in the billions.
Yeah.
Well, I mean, unless you believe the Holocaust didn't happen.
Yeah, I guess we got to take Mike's temperature on that.
I'm not sure I've ever actually heard him talk about that.
I'm going to need more specifics on what he thinks the numbers from the Holocaust are.
Holy shit.
This is, this is dramatic.
It is, it is what though?
It's almost to the one year anniversary of it's over for humanity.
So it's, you know.
It might be past, might be past.
Yeah, yeah.
So every year we get an it's over for humanity around March.
Beware the Ides of March.
Yeah, yeah.
And then in a couple of months, Alex and Michael have a fight about something and it'll disappear
for a few months and it'll show back up.
Et tu, Adams?
Yeah, as dramatic as ever.
God, it's just, he seems like, like a, like a teenager.
Yeah.
It really seems like somebody going through puberty.
Like he feels like he's out of control with his own feelings or something.
I don't know how to describe it, but it just feels childish the way that he communicates.
Yeah, no, it's insane.
It's insane and it's insane that people allow this, like people listen to this and don't
go like, you said it was going to be over for humanity last year.
This is reruns, man.
Well, but also the narrative has shifted so many times since then that it's almost even
impossible to keep track of what it is that's going to kill you.
Yeah, exactly.
Or, or how it's going to play out.
But don't forget that they've been consistent the whole time and they're right about everything.
One hundred percent.
It's important that we build our immune systems separately.
The Infowars store, as well as Mac Adams, the health ranger, sell things that can boost
your immune system.
Quote unquote.
Wasn't he selling like horse dewormer or wasn't he trying to push horse dewormer?
Something.
A while back.
Motherfucker was a bleach dude, right?
Or no, he was the Ebola.
The cured Ebola.
Yes.
With more Ebola.
Alcohol and Ebola.
Yeah, with more Ebola.
So what you want to do is you want to take a glass, put some whiskey in it.
Put some whiskey and a little Ebola.
Have yourself a fun time.
So we have one last guest before we get out of here.
And it's Stuart Rhodes.
Cool.
And I got to say.
Stews are becoming universally bad.
Yeah, it's a bad day for stews.
Stews are not having a good day.
No.
I'm going to have to get rid of that dish from my, from my diet.
It's so bad.
Yeah.
I would say that Stuart's interview is largely the same as the stuff that we talked about
when he was on with Harrison Smith.
Sure.
So there's not really all that much to go over, but I do think that it's really interesting
this way that Alex is trying to engage with him where he simultaneously wants to like
really talk about how we should have a revolutionary war, but he also doesn't really want the responsibility
of having said those things.
Well, look, I don't want to get into a gate of gates circumstance all over again.
And like, hey Stuart, you're like one degree away from the people who are in the Capitol.
I kind of am too, but maybe I wasn't in a group chat with them.
And if a RICO case was brought against you, guess who's getting convicted.
And so Stuart, I get it.
America's being taken over by Chinese.
They're butchering the bill of rights and constitution.
They're purging the military.
Biden says he's going to confiscate the guns.
They're coming out with forced inoculations.
The borders are wide open.
Yes.
By any historical yardstick, we have every right to declare 1776 part two.
I just instinctively look at that and realize how they've set this up politically and how
they want a civil war so China can take over.
And I'm really trying to get the governors and the political system moving to stop this.
You may be right that there's no way to fix it, or is there a way to fix it?
Because, you know, they're claiming you want violence.
They're claiming you want offensive stuff.
That's not the man I know.
But at the same time, if we're attacked, we have a right and a duty to protect ourselves.
So we far past the declaration of independence point.
Nobody can deny that.
There's plenty of cowards in the government.
They're going to keep appeasing the system forever.
But there is a point at which the globalists are going to push where there is a breaking
point.
I don't want that breaking point, but it is approaching.
Well, we're now on the same path the founders walked, and we need to look at their wisdom
and do the same thing they did.
How do you even respond to that non-question ramble?
Hey, so it's cool that we kill everybody.
I'm not saying we should kill everybody, but it's cool that we kill everybody, right?
Well, I mean, like that clip of Alex was just multiple times saying we have every
justification for starting a revolutionary war.
But I like talking to governors.
What the fuck governors are you talking to?
Talk to DeSantis down in Florida?
Yeah, no kidding.
Well, he would be a top anti-globalist.
He would be someone who, if any governor would talk to Alex, I would suspect it might
be he's on the short list.
Yeah, that's true.
But yeah, it's just justifications for why a revolutionary war and offensive violence
could be set off, which isn't actually offensive.
It's defensive.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But if you're Stuart Rhodes, how the fuck do we even respond to that?
There's no like, yes.
Yeah, bro.
No.
Super, bro.
Right.
Yeah.
Anyway, he's just like, hey, as far as I'm concerned, all the Oath Keepers did is walk
in and take selfies to the Capitol on the 6th.
I'm not going to let them hang out to dry.
I just, it's so weird to broadcast your, you know, extemporaneous fantasies about murdering
everybody.
That's a strange, I would hope that you would keep that one quiet.
If you were like, I fantasize about murdering people all the time, so much so that I cannot
go several hours without talking about it.
Yeah.
You can keep those hours off air.
Well, see, this is where we get back to what I was saying at the beginning, like that tone
that Alex has where he's like coming back from like a week being gone and he's sleepy
and kind of like, uh, I'm going to go to a special report. That's weird.
Yeah.
But it's not weird for Alex.
No.
Being so obsessed with wanting to talk about your murder fantasies on a radio show is weird,
but it's not weird for Alex.
Yeah.
His show is so stupid and like, that's just what this is.
It's really, it's really fucked up that their murder fantasies have gone so far from the
original ones that we used to listen to where they're like, if somebody tried to kill my
family, I'd get to shoot them a bunch of times, which I don't want to do.
I talk about doing it all the time.
Right.
If they come for the guns, we'll rise up or whatever.
If they do this, we'll kill people and that's what we have to do.
Yeah.
And now it's transitioning to-
And now it's like, let's kill all the left.
We're so far past the point of justification for all of this.
They're attacking us with bioweapons.
Yeah.
I don't know.
It's irresponsible.
Yeah.
So yeah, I mean, I guess I feel good that Alex is back where he belongs and that
chair.
Yeah.
He doesn't belong in a grocery store unless it was locked from the outside.
Unless he's waiting out a zombie apocalypse.
Yeah, exactly.
He would be the guy who would lie about being bit.
Oh, totally.
Absolutely.
And he'd enjoy eating you while he was still not a zombie and be like, I'm just practicing.
Yeah, yeah.
I'm gonna eat your ass.
Yeah, I'm gonna eat your ass.
It's a joke.
It's Swift.
Jonathan Swiftian.
So we come to the end of this, and I don't think a whole lot happened.
Alex is back, but he's, I guess, is upset about Marvin Hagler and stories that he's
making up about him.
Yeah.
He's mad about a bunch of other stuff he's making up.
You know what?
Let's go through the important work topics real quick.
I'm not...
Let's just keep count.
You want to get a percentage?
Sure.
Okay.
We got Marvelous Marvin.
Nope.
Not important.
Mysterious Trip.
Definitely not important.
Grammys.
Nope.
Earpiece.
I'm great.
Nope.
I suppose climate change would be important, but it is punishment from God.
So that's a nope.
Yeah.
Drugs at the border.
That's important.
Sure, but not the way he's covering it.
Definitely not.
So let's cut that one out.
The left is evil.
Yeah, we're probably evil.
That's a push.
Yeah, I'll give that one a circle.
I made up a word.
Nope.
Avatar.
Blade Runner.
Definitely not.
No.
Silence weapons for quiet wars.
Supernot.
Irishman 1776.
Get the fuck out of here.
That might undo the circle.
Yeah, I think that one takes the left as evil.
Operation Crimson Contagion.
Real, but he's lying about it.
Right.
Forced inoculations.
Not going to happen.
Why don't we have bounty hunters run things?
Very obvious.
Not important.
Right.
Gunpoint vaccinations.
Same thing as forced inoculation.
And it's the one year anniversary of It's Over for Humanity.
There will only be lone survivors.
At best, we've got 0.5%.
Sure.
Uh, 1 out of 20.
You know, it's like Meatloaf says.
1 out of 20 ain't bad.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
2 out of 3 ain't bad.
1 out of 20.
Very bad.
That's good stuff.
Uh, yeah.
Jordan will be back on Friday.
Uh, check back in.
See if Alex can start cooking with some gas.
I hope so.
This is kind of fun, though.
Yeah.
I mean.
It's good to be back in the saddle.
Yeah.
You know, I do mean that.
But then as soon as I have to say why,
I can't tell you.
No, no, no.
Absolutely not.
If I try to rationalize or justify or explain why,
it's like, it was still fun to go over this,
even though it's all incredibly stupid.
I can't.
I think it's because you like the work.
I think it was just because I got,
you know, I got to read that Zbigniew Brzezinski article.
Yeah, that's good.
I found a primary source we could talk about.
Tracking that down was probably very enjoyable.
Yeah, that was probably it.
Yeah.
Anyway, we'll do that.
But until then, we have a website.
Indeed we do, Dan.
It's KnowledgeFight.com.
Well, we also are on Twitter.
We are on Twitter.
It's at Knowledge
Fight and I go to bed Jordan.
I'm Leo.
I'm DZX Clark.
I'm Daryl Rundis.
I am the goblin of monthly birthday shout outs.
Andy in Kansas.
You're on the air.
Thanks for holding.
Hello, Alex.
I'm a first time caller.
I'm a huge fan.
I love your work.
I love you.